My TDD Avatar
=============

This project is an implementation of the app outlined here http://blogs.agilefaqs.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/12/avatars-of-tdd.pdf as used to demonstrate various TDD Avatars. A TDD Avatar is a style or approach to TDD, different styles have different impact on the design of the final application, which is a property I find interesting.

The problem definition
----------------------
Design a Veterinary Information System for a Clinic. Veterinary medical system is very similar to human medical system with one exception, all the patients are animals. Each patient is owned by a person, who brings the patient to the clinic and pays the bills.

The person in charge for IT department of the clinic gave us the following Use Cases to start development. Dave Atkins brings his pet named Fluffy into the clinic for a routine check up and shots. The veterinarian charges him for the routine office visit and the Rabies vaccination. Dave pays cash before he leaves and is provided with a receipt for the services.

Initial Design Sketch
---------------------
Given a problem definition I tend to go into design mode automatically and for the problem above came up with the following initial design.

Appointment     Charge       Invoice         Payment   Receipt
- owner         - treatment  - appointment   - amount  - invoice
- patient       - cost       - payments
- procedures                 - total_due
- invoice

Initial UI Design Sketch
------------------------
I also like to think about the UI as this will have a major impact on the design and highlights what data needs to be captured and displayed.

Appointments Page, list of appointments and form to add a new appointment with owner name and patient name, button next to listed appointment
to show a specific appointment.

Appointment Page, displayed by clicking on Show button from Appointments page. Displays owner name, patient name, list of procedures carried out. Drop down list of procedures and button to add a procedure. Link to Invoice page.

Invoice Page, displayed by clicking Invoice link on Appointment Page. Displays owner name, patient name, list of procedures and costs, list of payments made and total due. Form to add payment, payment amount and Add button.

Receipt, printed version of the Invoice Page.

Updated Design Sketch
---------------------
Receipt is redundant, it's just a printed invoice.

First Story
-----------
Looking at the problem definition I split it into 3 stories

1. Create appointment for walk in owner/patient
2. Add charges
3. Settle invoice with cash and receive invoice

For the first story, looking at the UI sketch, a quick spike shows up the need to create an Appointment class with an owner and patient.

The First Test
--------------
The first test I write is a unit test for creating an appointment.



